Spin around 3 Times
Attempt an Irish Jig 
6 second chug 
Chug Your Beer 
Shotgun your beer 
Flirt with someone you haven't met 
10 Push-ups
Pull your cock out if your avatar has one
Read Erotic Sonic the hedgehog Fan Fitction aloud 
3 second chug
Take off the E-Boy Avatar or finish your drink loser 
Start Dancing with someone 
Spin Around 10 Times 
Gargle your drink you sick fuck 
Combine all of your alcohol into one shot 
Take a drink for everyone around you 
Drink 
Drink Again
DRINK
DrInK SoMe MoRe 
Guess what.. Drink 
Drink x2 
Do a party trick 
Convince someone to go on a Date with you or finish your drink you lonely fuck 
Text Your Ex: “I miss you…” 
Run around like a monkey
Read Erotic “Cars” Fan fiction aloud 
Take 2 REAL Shots 
Speak like Dobby for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink
Speak like Jar Jar for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink 
Speak like Trump for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink
Speak like Elmo for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink
Speak like Borat for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink
Speak like Micheal Jackson for the next 5 minutes or finish your drink
Gaslight someone 
Give a drink 
Give 3 drinks
Give 2 drinks 
Give 10 drinks 
Make someone chug their beer 
Send a nude 
Bully a furry 
Stop talking for 5 minutes
Mutes Drink. You Freak
Put your balls in a fan or drink 
Block a person of the opposite gender for 5 minutes
If your on a Date with someone tell them you're seeing someone else or take 4 drinks (Or if your ALONE) 
Start shadow boxing in the corner of the room until someone asks you what you're doing or drink 2
End all of your sentences with. KA-CHOW for 5 minutes or finish your drink. 
Ruin someone's conversation by telling them about your weird body odor or finish your drink
Drink if you have a dick 
Tell us why your last relationship didn't work out or Drink
What's the worst thing about you?
Are you Fucking anyone? 
What was your last Poop like
What's wrong with you currently 
Favorite Time period 
Your Unpopular opinion, if it's lame you drink 
What Cartoon Character would you bang 
What pokemon would you bang 
What animal would you become, furry
What's your negative opinion on Furries 
Are you gay? Why? Top or Bottom? 
Why are you a furry? Also finish your drink animal
What weird kink do you have? Why?
Would you try Sounding? If no drink 
What's the last Slur you said? Finish your drink if you haven't said one
Marry fuck kill, Filthy Frank Omniverse (If you dont know who filthy Frank is, leave the world)
Do you have a pet? What do you hate about it? 
What do you hate about your life? Also drink 4 if you killed the vibe 
What do you suck at? Drink 3 loser
What are your hobbies? Drink if their lame
Who do you find annoying and are they in this room 
What Disability would you have if you could choose one. 
Are you Athletic? Liar 
If you're Trans, are you passing? If not Drink 2
Offer ERP to a furry 
Pretend to be a woman for the night 
Have ever pretended to be Racist 
Have you had your ass ate 
Do you play chess? if no drink 3
Do you want to play Chess? if no drink 5 
Why do you not want to play Chess? Drink 10 
Did you play chess? If no Drink 5 
Are you High? Do a bong rip 
Are you in a custody battle? Drink 3 
Do you like Fat girls, If yes drink 3 
What's the weirdest thing you've shoved in your body 
Comedians Drink 2 
If you see a furry drink 3 
If you have a baby mama Drink 2 
If Barclay is in the instance, everyone's drinks
What's your BMI? Drink if you need to lose weight
Wear an avatar that isn't a E-boy or E-girl, drink 2 
Why do you ERP 
What Race do you not like? 
What Race are you? 
Have you been banned from Vrchat, if yes finish your drink
Drink if you tell everyone you're working on losing but you're actually not. 
Do you have a weird voice? 
Is your nose too small? Drink 2 small nose
Why are you eyes so far apart? Drink 2 Sid from Ice Age
Does he really love you? Are you sure? 
If your IQ is low drink 5 
If you've performed at Punchline Comedy Drink 2 
If you dislike female comedians drink 2
Pretend to be barclay 
Wicked Weedle Finish your drink 
Make Angel feel Special or drink 
Be incredibly rude to the person nearest to you 
Venmo Jimba 800 dollars or Drink 3 
Sample text … Drink 1 
Come out to your parents or finish your drinks 
Have your balls rated, If they're good Give out a drink 
Get Naked Drink 2 
Ask someone you don't know to marry you (get on one knee) 
Say the lords prayer or drink 
Start a fight 
Bother Jimba for 5 minutes 
Chant “knee-Grow” 5 times
Advocate for Anti-furry laws or drink 
If you are a furry, Leave. 
If you're in an ERP group, ask someone to bang or drink.
Pretend to be a Domestic abusive Italian
If your on meds drink 3 
If your crazy drink 5 
Talk like a redneck 
Grab your dick 
Scream at people you don't know or drink 
Punch a person with “Phantom Sense” 
Stand uncomfortably close to someone you don't know for 1 minute
